Updating the upgrade process document (#33)
Axway/open-banking-docs: content/en/docs/deployment/upgrade.md

---
title: "Upgrade"
linkTitle: "Upgrade"
weight: 4
---

If a new Open Banking API is released or an existing Open Banking API is updated you can perform an upgrade to the deployed application.

## API Managemente component prerequisites

> If you are migrating from version 1.3 to 1.4, the API management component has been split into two Helm charts: `apim` for products and `apim-config` for configuration. In this case you must therefore uninstall `apim`, verify it has been completely removed, and then install `apim` and `apim-config`.

Reviewer: Oops, I edited this incorrectly. I intended to delete the word "therefore" and not "uninstall." Please add "uninstall" back.

If you are upgrading from old version of API management component (before apim helmchart 1.7 ), it will be ncessary to upgrade the  cassandra database from v2.x to 3.11 before upgrade the APIM package - please follow the <https://docs.axway.com/bundle/axway-open-docs/page/docs/apim_installation/apigw_upgrade/upgrade_cassandra/index.html>  document.

## ACP component prerequisite

> If you are upgrading the ACP components from previous releases previous than helmchart 2.0 , it is necessary to update the cockroachdb to v21.2 before the upgrade of acp package:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are upgrading the ACP components from previous releases before Helm chart v2.0, it is necessary to update the CockroachDB to v21.2 before you upgrade the acp package:

```

Reviewer: The Installation topic refers to the ACP components (ACP and Consent) as Cloud Entity installation. Will users know that ACP components is Cloud Entity?

```bash
helm upgrade -n open-banking-acp acp acp/kube-acp-stack -f open-banking-acp/files/acp.values.yaml --version 0.15.3
```

Wait for all pods to be running and now uninstall the acp-prereq.

```bash
helm uninstall [ACP_PREREQ_RELEASE_NAME] -n [NAMESPACE]
```

> After this it is ready to upgrade process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Reviewer: I don't think it's necessary to include that sentence.
